
item.Value size: %!s(int=369)
if true
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=1)
fieldpathLookup: PlusTwo
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if true
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if true
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=5)
fieldpathLookup: PushOneLeftDeltaZeroRightZero
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if true
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if true
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=29)
fieldpathLookup: PopAllButOnePlusOne
if true
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if true
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=5)
fieldpathLookup: PushOneLeftDeltaZeroRightZero
if true
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if true
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=29)
fieldpathLookup: PopAllButOnePlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if true
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=7)
fieldpathLookup: PushOneLeftDeltaOneRightZero
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if true
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if true
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=29)
fieldpathLookup: PopAllButOnePlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=0)
fieldpathLookup: PlusOne
if true
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if true
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=5)
fieldpathLookup: PushOneLeftDeltaZeroRightZero
if true
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if false
is not leaf
if true
is not leaf
if true
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=29)
fieldpathLookup: PopAllButOnePlusOne
if true
is not leaf
if false
is leaf
i.Value(): %!s(int=39)
fieldpathLookup: FieldPathEncodeFinish